https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-9663 Add custom endpoint docs TP (#6116)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/cluster_lifecycle/adv_config_cluster.adoc

    open-cluster-management/tolerations: '[{"key":"dedicated","operator":"Equal","value":"acm","effect":"NoSchedule"}]' 
----

[#custom-server-url-ca]

> == Customizing the server URL and hub cluster API CA bundle (Technology Preview)

Reviewer: 1. Both the `server URL` and `CA bundle` are properties of the hub cluster API server;
2. The doc will not guide the user to update the configuration of OCP cluster API server and use the customized server URL and CA bundle. Instead it tells user how to specify a customized server URL or CA bundle of hub cluster API server during cluster importing procedure.

So something like below might be more accurate.
> Customizing the server URL and CA bundle of the hub cluster API server when importing a managed cluster (Technology Preview)

Author: Updated

You might not be able to register a managed cluster on your {mce-short} hub cluster if intermediate components exist between the managed cluster and the hub cluster. Example intermediate components include a Virtual IP, load balancer, reverse proxy, or API gateway. If you have an intermediate component, you must use a custom server URL and CA bundle for the hub cluster API when importing a managed cluster.

[#custom-server-url-ca-prereq]
=== Prerequisite

> * The intermediate component is configured so that the hub cluster API server is accessible for the managed cluster. See _Adding API server certificates_ for more information.

Reviewer: Rewrite this section to include more information.

=== Prerequisite

* The intermediate component is configured so that the hub cluster API server is accessible for the managed cluster.
* If the intermediate component terminates the SSL connections between the managed cluster and hub cluster API server, you must bridge the SSL connections and pass the authentication information from the original requests to the back end of the hub cluster API server. You can use the User Impersonation feature of the Kubernetes API server to bridge the SSL connections. The intermediate component extracts the client certificate from the original requests, adds Common Name (CN) and Organization (O) of the certificate subject as impersonation headers,  and then forwards the modified impersonation requests to the back end of the hub cluster API server. *Note:* If you bridge the SSL connections, the cluster proxy add-on does not work.

Author: Updated, thanks!

> ** Alternatively, you can bridge the SSL connections between the managed cluster and the hub cluster API server to pass the authentication information from the original requests the hub cluster API server back end. See _Optional: Bridging SSL between the managed cluster and hub cluster API server_ for more information.

Reviewer: Those two item represent two use case:
- SSL pass-through
- SSL terminating

The second one is not a sub item of the first one. Each of then need some special configurations.

Author: Updated

. Create a `KlusterConfig` resource with the custom hub cluster API server URL and CA bundle. See the following example:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: config.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha1
kind: KlusterletConfig
metadata:
  name: <1>
spec:
  hubKubeAPIServerURL: "https://api.example.com:6443" <2>
  hubKubeAPIServerCABundle: "LS0tLS1CRU...LS0tCg==" <3>
----
+
<1> Add your klusterlet config name.
<2> Add your custom server URL.
<3> Add your custom CA bundle.

. Select the `KlusterletConfig` resource when creating a managed cluster by adding an annotation that refers to the resource. See the following example:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1
kind: ManagedCluster
metadata:
  annotations:
    agent.open-cluster-management.io/klusterlet-config: <1>
  name: <2>
spec:
  hubAcceptsClient: true
  leaseDurationSeconds: 60
----
+
<1> Add your klusterlet config name.
<2> Add your cluster name.

*Note:*  If you use the console, you might need to enable the YAML view to add the annotation to the `ManagedCluster` resource.

[#ssl-bridge-managed-hub]

> === Optional: Bridging SSL between the managed cluster and hub cluster API server

Reviewer: This section is a guideline instead of a guide with some concrete instructions.

Author: We can only include docs that are verified to work and include information that the user can follow. If this feature is either incomplete or can't be documented with concrete instructions, it might be better to not include it in official docs.

Is there a way we can complete this section to make it into concrete instructions?

Reviewer: It makes sense. The configuration in this section depends on the product of the intermediate component. It's impossible to provide concrete instructions. Let's remove this section for now, I'll move part of the content into the Prerequisite section.

Author: OK thanks, feel free to edit the PR directly or just share what needs to go into the prereqs, and then I can add it.

If an intermediate component stops the SSL connections between the managed cluster and hub cluster API server, you must bridge the SSL connections and pass the authentication information from the original requests to the back end of the hub cluster API server.

You can use the User Impersonation feature of the Kubernetes API server to bridge the SSL connections. The intermediate component forwards the original requests from {product-title-short} agents to the hub cluster Kube API server as impersonation requests by adding impersonation headers.

*Note:* If you bridge the SSL connections, the cluster proxy add-on does not work.

> Complete the following steps to bridge the SSL connections:

Reviewer: User can not finish the configuration by following those steps because the doc is a guideline instead of a guide.

Author: We either need to add the missing steps or we can turn this topic into conceptual information.

+
The intermediate component then forwards the modified impersonation requests to the hub cluster API server back end. The requests first authenticate as the requesting user with either a `ServiceAccount` token or another client certificate, and then switch to the impersonated user.

. Make sure that the requesting user has user impersonation permissions on the hub cluster. See the following example:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRole
metadata:
  name: impersonator
rules:
- apiGroups: [""]
  resources: ["users", "groups", "serviceaccounts"]
  verbs: ["impersonate"]
----

. Fetch the default CA certificate by running the following command. The intermediate component needs the CA certificate of the hub API server in the CA bundle when sending the impersonation requests to the hub cluster API server back end:
+
----
oc -n default get cm kube-root-ca.crt -o jsonpath='{.data.ca\.crt}'
----

. If a custom API certificate is configured, fetch the certificate by running the following command:
+
----
oc get APIServer cluster -o jsonpath='{.spec.servingCerts.namedCertificates}'

> ----

Reviewer: - Enable the client certificate authentication on the intermediate component for the incoming requests. The CA certificates used to verify the agent client certificates by the intermediate component must include the client CA certificates of the hub cluster API server. It can be fetched on the hub cluster by running the following command. :

```
oc -n openshift-kube-apiserver get cm client-ca -o jsonpath='{.data.ca-bundle\.crt}'
```
- After the agent client authentication completes, the intermediate component extracts the subject of the agent client certificates and adds the following impersonation headers into the original requests:
  - An `Impersonate-User` header with the value of Common Name (CN) in the certificate subject.
  - One or multiple `Impersonate-Group` headers with the value of Organization (O) in the certificate subject. If the Organization has multiple values, one header is added for each value.
- The intermediate component then forwards the modified impersonation requests to the hub cluster API server. The requests first authenticate as the requesting user with either a `ServiceAccount` token or another client certificate, and then switch to the impersonated user. Make sure that the requesting user has user impersonation permissions on the hub cluster. See the following example:
```yaml
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRole
metadata:
  name: impersonator
rules:
- apiGroups: [""]
  resources: ["users", "groups", "serviceaccounts"]
  verbs: ["impersonate"]
```

- The intermediate component needs the CA certificate of the hub API server in the CA bundle when sending the impersonation requests to the hub cluster API server. Fetch the default CA certificate by running the following command on the hub cluster:
```
oc -n default get cm kube-root-ca.crt -o jsonpath='{.data.ca\.crt}'
```

If a custom API certificate is configured, fetch the certificate by running the following command:

```
oc get APIServer cluster -o jsonpath='{.spec.servingCerts.namedCertificates}'
```

Author: In the first step, we are giving the user 2 different prompts. Enable and fetch, which might be confusing. Does running the command to fetch also automatically enable? Or are these 2 separate things the user needs to do?

    open-cluster-management/tolerations: '[{"key":"dedicated","operator":"Equal","value":"acm","effect":"NoSchedule"}]' 
----

[#custom-server-url-ca]
== Customizing the server URL and CA bundle of the hub cluster API server when importing a managed cluster (Technology Preview)

> You might not be able to register a managed cluster on your {mce-short} hub cluster if intermediate components exist between the managed cluster and the hub cluster. Example intermediate components include a Virtual IP, load balancer, reverse proxy, or API gateway. If you have an intermediate component, you must use a custom server URL and CA bundle for the hub cluster API when importing a managed cluster.

Reviewer: > If you have an intermediate component, you must use a custom server URL and CA bundle for the hub cluster API when importing a managed cluster.

Please replace `the hub cluster API` with `the hub cluster API server`

> If you have an intermediate component, you must use a custom server URL and CA bundle for the hub cluster API server when importing a managed cluster.

[#custom-server-url-ca-prereq]
=== Prerequisites

> * The intermediate component is configured so that the hub cluster API server is accessible for the managed cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You must configure the intermediate component so that the hub cluster API server is accessible for the managed cluster.
```

> * The intermediate component is configured so that the hub cluster API server is accessible for the managed cluster. See _Adding API server certificates_ for more information.

Reviewer: Please remove `See Adding API server certificates for more information.`

* If the intermediate component terminates the SSL connections between the managed cluster and hub cluster API server, you must bridge the SSL connections and pass the authentication information from the original requests to the back end of the hub cluster API server. You can use the User Impersonation feature of the Kubernetes API server to bridge the SSL connections.
+
The intermediate component extracts the client certificate from the original requests, adds Common Name (CN) and Organization (O) of the certificate subject as impersonation headers, and then forwards the modified impersonation requests to the back end of the hub cluster API server.
+

> ** **Note:** If you bridge the SSL connections, the cluster proxy add-on does not work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Note:* If you bridge the SSL connections, the cluster proxy add-on does not work.
```

* xref:../support_troubleshooting/trouble_cluster_offline_cert_mce.adoc#troubleshooting-imported-clusters-offline-after-certificate-change-mce[Troubleshooting imported clusters offline after certificate change]

* xref:../cluster_lifecycle/cluster_proxy_addon.adoc#cluster-proxy-addon-settings[Configuring proxy settings for cluster proxy add-ons]

> * See link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.12/html/security_and_compliance/configuring-certificates#api-server-certificates[Adding API server certificates] in the {ocp-short} documentation to learn how to add an API server certificate for the new endpoint if the SSL connections are not terminated on the intermediate component.

Reviewer: This one is duplicated with the first Additional resource

Author: Fixed
